Hackathon Instructions  [this is currently a stub, subject to work in the week before the hackathon!]

Primary Communication:
* Google Hangout at: [...]
* This GitHub repository, especially the "Issues" functions. Do not be afraid to create new issues or comment on existing ones!

Roles: 
    * Direct ontology development from gathered resources 
    * Identification and documentation of competency questions for this ontology. What questions and answers should it 
    support about particular ontologies and vocabularies? 
    * Creation of examples in which the ontology developed so far is applied to one or more specific ontologies or     
    vocabularies, to illustrate the use of the ontology and find coverage caps, reporting these as issues. 
    * If you would like to contribute in another way not mentioned, please contact us!

How to get set up to work on the repository content and add to it: 
    - how to use the version control, get local copy of repo, submit work for merge back into repository...




How to keep work coordinated within the GitHub repository 
    1. When you identify a batch of work that you want to work on, open an issue for it. The issue title should give the
    essense of what you're doing. The description should give more detail, including what resources your working with
    and where you will put your results. 
    2. Label that Issue as an enhancement, and select one of the other labels that characterizes what kind of work it is
    (OWL, documentation...,?). We can make new labels if we want them.
    3. Assign that Issue to yourself.

        Example: Say you want to work on extracting & representing the characteristics from Guarino & Welty 2009.
        First, you open a new issue. Title it something like "Add represenation of characteristics from Guarino & Welty
        2009." In the description, say a bit more, making clear what you are going to add and where, e.g., "Identify
        ontology characteristics discussed in Guarino & Welty 2009 and add OWL represenation of them in a separate
        ontology module." From the labels pull-down, choose "enhancement" and "OWL". From the Assignee pull-down, 
        choose yourself. Save/publish the issue. 
        
    4. When you complete a task, commit the work to your fork. Then open an new pull request. State what the content
    that you are providing. Find the number of the issue in which you first identified and assigned yourself that 
    work. Refer to that issue and state whether the work you've committed completes the work partially or completely 
    (e.g., "This partially completes Issue #12" or "Completes Issue #8"). Submit the pull request. 
    
How does the ontology in /vocref-top relate to all the other ontologies?



